(all panting)
(siren wailing)
[Takemichi] It looks like
we won.
Shit! The cops are here!
So what do we do
with these punks?!
(Akaishi groans)
(Takemichi panting)
(Akkun panting)
I'm gettin' the hell outta here!
[Delinquent 1] Huh?
What about Kiyomasa?!
[Akaishi] Forget him!
(all panting)
(all sigh)
(relieved exhale)
(relieved laughter)
I get it now. I was doing
things out of my league.
And so I kept on messing up.
But still, not one of those
screw-ups was for nothing.
They were watching out
for me the whole time.
Yeah.
(Makoto grunts)
[Kazushi] Thanks.
We did it, Takemichi!
Did you guys all see me pull
off my Super Miracle Punch?!
No, but I saw you get
punched and land on your ass.
You guys, shut up already!
We need to get Draken and
Takemichi to the ambulance!
-Ow.
-Take this.
This will stop the bleeding.
[Akkun] Can you
stand up, Draken?
-Hey.
-Yeah, I think so.
Guys, uh, I don't
see any ambulance.
[Hinata] They're over here!
Come on, we need to hurry!
Come on, speed it up!
(both girls panting)
-Right here, hurry!
-Hurry!
They're in bad shape.
(gang members groan)
(exhales) I think I've had it.
(exhausted sigh)
Hey!
Afraid I'm out of action, guys.
He hurt his leg, I guess,
probably kicking somebody.
(sighs) You know where Mikey is?
Yeah, he's over there.
(Shuji chuckles)
Fightin' you is
exhausting, Mikey.
And you don't even
sound out of breath,
you freaking monster.
Just shut up and die.
(motor engine revs)
Hm?
Come on, boss. Gotta go.
Yeah.
-(siren wailing)
-(motor engine revving)
(indistinct chatters)
Listen up, Mikey.
You're about to
witness the creation
of the most sinister
biker gang alliance
in the Kanto region!
And Valhalla is its name!
You already know my
name, Shuji Hanma.
And as Valhalla's
first vice commander,
I can promise you
this much, Mikey!
From now on, Toman will
never know peace again!
(motor engine revving)
(opening theme music)
(siren wailing)
(ambulance whooshing)
(monitor beeping)
(Draken breathes heavily)
[Takemichi] Please,
be okay, Draken!
(Draken stammers)
Huh?
Draken!
(exhales) Thanks
a lot, Takemitchy.
You saved my life.
Man, don't go tellin'
me stuff like that.
It sounds weird comin' from you.
(breathes) Take care of Mikey.
Counting on you.
Huh?
(monitor beeps)
He's gone into cardiac arrest!
Step back. Start CPR!
Airway's clear!
One, two, three,
four, five, six!
I'm not getting anything!
[Paramedic 1] Try again.
[Paramedic 2] One, two, three...
[Takemichi] This
can't be happening!
[Paramedic 2]
Five, six, seven...
Draken!
(motor engine revving)
(Mikey grunts)
(tense music)
(faint breathing)
(Takemichi panting)
[Hinata] Takemichi!
(Emma whimpering)
We can't
do much
except pray.
(Takemichi sighs)
(rain pouring)
[Akkun] No! Cardiac arrest?!
(Emma whimpering)
No! This just can't be real!
What if he dies? I'm scared!
Try to have faith.
(Emma whimpers)
-Takemitchy!
-[All] Huh?
[Mitsuya] How's Draken?!
Mitsuya, Peh!
Sorry, but it's bad.
(door whirring)
Before we even got to the
hospital, his pulse nose-dived.
[Mitsuya] Damn it!
-Huh?
Hello, Mikey.
Draken is in the-
Mikey.
-Mikey, I wanna say-
-Shut up, all of you.
You need to keep
quiet in a hospital.
Don't you know anything?
Where's the waiting room?
(Emma whimpering)
Oh, Mikey!
(Emma whimpers)
I know Kenny.
And so I can tell you
that he's always been
a man of his word.
He's not gonna die here.
He'd never do something
so disingenuous.
He promised me
that he and I would
rule the world together.
So Emma,
Mitsuya, Peh,
Takemitchy,
just have a little faith in him.
(melancholic music)
He's gonna pull through.
(relieved sighs)
[Takemichi] He's right.
What good is gonna come
out of us panicking?
Mikey is just so damn strong!
[Mikey] And
remember, keep quiet.
(Takemichi gasps)
(Emma and Hinata gasp)
(door whirring)
[Doctor] We were able
to save his life.
Huh?
[Doctor] The operation
was a success.
(delighted gasps)
Oh, hell yeah! (laughs)
Yes! Draken's okay!
Thank goodness, Hina! Thank God-
-It's a miracle!
-He's gonna be alright!
We were all so worried!
[All] Draken! Draken!
-All right, that's enough!
-Draken! Draken!
Let's go tell the
guys outside the news.
-Right.
-Yeah.
(all laughing in relief)
Aren't you coming?
I just can't.
I can't face the others.
Peh.
Everybody gets that what you
did, you did for Pah's sake.
We all understand it.
You mean it?
Let me tell you something.
The guy who's been worrying
the most about Pah,
that would be Draken.
You know they won't
let you see him.
Yeah.
But that's not what matters.
[Mitsuya] From that day on,
Draken went with Pah's parents
to go visit him
every single day.
Even though he knew
that only relatives
could actually go inside.
He'd bring a gift, then he'd
wait outside the whole time.
That's the guy that
you tried to kill.
I'm so sorry!
You need to apologize
to Draken, to Pah,
to everyone.
Mm.
Welcome back, Peh.
(Peh whimpers)
(insects chirping)
Oh, look! It finally
stopped raining.
Oh no, look at the time!
It's already past
midnight! I had no idea!
(sighs) That means
it's August 4th now.
Huh?
Then on August 3rd,
you'll save Ryuguji.
That's your mission this time.
[Takemichi] Whoa! So,
it's already August 4th?
(Takemichi grunts)
Naoto, I made it happen!
If it's not August 3rd anymore,
then that means
the mission to save Draken
was a success!
(gang members cheer)
(indistinctive cheers)
Hm? Huh?
Where did Mikey go?
(Takemichi pants)
That doesn't make any
sense. Where did he go?
Oh, there he i- (gasps)
(Mikey sighs)
(sobs) Oh, Kenny!
This is messed up! (sobs)
(wistful music)
Don't scare me like
that, you asshole.
(sympathetic sigh)
[Takemichi] August 10th.
A whole week after the
huge fight on August 3rd,
rumors brought on
even more rumors.
Hey, look! It's
that Takemichi dude!
Yeah, they say he shut down
that whole battle on August 3rd!
-Ha ha!
-For real?
Holy shit!
Overnight, I became a legend
among all the
delinquents in town.
Shit! Why should I go
back to the future now?!
[Akkun] Agh, why did we
bother saving this guy again?
Hey, Draken!
I was free so I thought
I'd come visit ya!
(Draken grunts)
So how ya feelin' anyway?
[Draken] Who the hell
died and made you king?
Huh? What?
What is that supposed to mean?
It means your head's gettin'
too big for your body.
And just because you
got a little attention,
well get over
yourself, you dumbass!
How lame can you be?
(Takemichi sighs)
You wouldn't understand
how I feel, Draken.
Most of my life I've
been in the shadows.
Aw, poor boy.
(grunts) Listen, Draken!
I've never had anyone
look up to me before
so why the hell
can't you let my head
get a little bit
bigger at least?!
[Draken] Oh, man.
That's pathetic.
Are you even hearing
yourself right now?
(grunts) You're such
a downer, Draken.
You said I saved your life,
but now that you're
feeling a little better,
this is how you treat me.
(Draken chuckles)
Oh, by the way. Here.
Huh?
[Draken] It's from Mikey. He
asked me to give it to you.
A Toman uniform?
That's Mikey's, from when
he first formed Toman.
To a member of Toman,
that uniform is as
important as life itself.
(Takemichi gulps)
Why would he ever
give this to me?
Whether you wear this
or not is all up to you.
But he wanted you to
have it, regardless.
Takemitchy, you
basically saved Toman.
We all know that.
And me most of all.
(Draken grunts)
So I want to say
this once again.
Thank you.
Huh?
And just take care of it.
(mellow music)
This was Mikey's...
This is just too heavy for me.
You think I could be
deserving of this someday?
(Draken chuckles)
[Draken] Go ask him.
Huh?
He's probably taking a nap
up on the roof right now.
Hey, Mikey!
I can't shake it.
Huh?
This uneasy feeling in my head.
Why did Hanma want to start
an internal conflict
inside Toman?
Why did he use Kiyomasa
and his lackeys
to try and kill Kenny?
And the biggest
mystery of all is you,
who somehow realized that that
inner conflict was happening,
and that someone was
out to get Kenny,
before anyone else did.
Not only that, you tried
to stop it, Takemitchy.
So tell me who the
hell you really are.
You know I'm...
I'm...
(laughs) What the hell's
with that lame getup?
Huh?
You look even lamer than usual.
Hey, that's not cool!
-This is my, uh...
-Well, whatever.
Uh, uh...
Kenny's still alive! And I
know it's all because of you.
Thanks for that, Takemitchy.
[Takemichi] Mikey,
Draken,
Akkun.
Honestly, I wish I could stay
here with you guys forever.
But,
I've gotta go home.
Goodbye, guys.
(doorbell rings)
Oh, hi Takemichi.
You sure do like to show
up without any warning!
Yeah, I know. My bad!
Actually, is Naoto here?
Naoto!
Takemichi is here to see you!
Hold on, I'll go get him.
Oh, Hina...
-Hm?
-Uh...
Here.
Huh?
You got me a necklace?
Well, I wanted to
give you something
after all of that trouble.
Hm?
Oh, yeah, right.
At the festival.
I wish I could've gotten
you something more,
something expensive.
[Hinata] Oh, it's
a four-leaf clover!
[Takemichi] Yeah.
Hm.
Can I put it on?
[Takemichi] Sure.
It's not really just to
make things up to you.
I just wanted to leave
something behind.
[Hinata] How do I look?
Hm?
(Hinata laughs)
Because I won't be able to see
the you in the past anymore.
Yeah.
Looks great.
I already love it.
Thank you so much.
Uh, hello?
(Hinata gasps)
Sorry to interrupt your
flirting, but here I am.
Didn't you want to see me?
[Hinata] How long have
you been standing there?!
Nice score on the present.
Were you eavesdropping
all this time!?
I'm only here because
you yelled for me.
That doesn't mean you
can sneak up on us!
Naoto...
Put 'er there!
Huh?
Wow, Takemichi, you must
really love shaking hands.
(chuckles) Yeah,
you got me there!
Hina?
Hm?
Be happy, okay?
What's that mean?
Naoto.
Mm. Sure, all right.
(electricity cackles)
[Takemichi] I kept
Draken from dying,
which means he's still
Toman's number two.
So now, Kisaki won't be
taking over that position.
Mikey changed because
of Draken's death.
Akkun committed suicide
out of fear of Kisaki
and Hina was killed
by the evil version
of Toman in my future.
With Draken still alive, all
of that should have changed!
Right, Naoto?
(electricity cackling)
So how many times do I have
to repeat myself, Hanagaki?
You're gonna drive me
right out of my mind.
Huh? What did you say?
As soon as a DVD gets
returned to the store,
you get it back onto the shelf!
Now get your butt
in gear already.
Ah! I'm back at work again?!
Huh?
Wait, what's going on?
What am I doing back here?
I thought I was
fired from this job!
Hey, and how come
I'm not with Naoto?
Wait! My phone!
No matter where I search,
the incident where Hina
died isn't coming up!
Does that mean the time
travel was all just a dream?
I... I have to talk to Naoto!
Why isn't his phone number
here in my contacts?!
Argh!
(phone drops)
(Takemichi gasps)
It wasn't a dream!
-(phone vibrates)
-(Takemichi gasps)
A schedule notification?
Huh? A hair salon?
What the hell?
(indistinct chatter)
Akkun.
Akkun!
Huh?
(Takemichi sobs)
(chuckles) What are
you doing here, dude?
You're early. Aren't you
supposed to be at work?
Yeah, I left.
Man, you're so gonna get fired.
So Akkun, you really did
become a hairstylist?
Well, I'm just startin'
out, like I told you.
Right now, I'm working
as an assistant.
Mm.
But here's the reason I
called you in tonight.
They're finally gonna let me
start cutting customers'
hair next month.
And you, you'll be my first.
You know, my first customer.
We promised, remember?
(Takemichi gasps)
Let me be your first customer!
Uh, okay?
Awesome!
I'm gonna hold you to that!
What the hell, man!?
You didn't forget about
all that, did you?
No, you dumbass! Of
course I didn't forget!
Wait, are you crying?
What?! No!
No, of course I'm not crying!
Man, you're still such
a crybaby, Takemichi.
(Takemichi sniffles)
This proves it! I think
I finally believe it!
I actually changed the present!
It worked! It really worked!
(phone rings)
Hm?
I wonder whose number this is?
Hey, so what's up?
[Naoto] You must have succeeded.
What now? Who's this?
[Naoto] And you just returned
from the past, right?
Oh, Naoto!
Listen, man. You did it!
You pulled this off! Thanks
to you, everything's changed!
Takemichi...
So what do you say?
Wanna see my sister?
(Takemichi gasps)
[Takemichi] Hina?
She's alive?!
(closing theme music)